java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS for package android
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_SMS for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CALL_LOG for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS for package com.android.cellbroadcastreceiver
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.android.companiondevicemanager
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.defcontainer
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.defcontainer
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CALL_PHONE for package com.android.emergency
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.android.emergency
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.externalstorage
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.externalstorage
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.android.location.fused
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.android.location.fused
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_SMS for package com.android.mms.service
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.android.nfc
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.nfc
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.nfc
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CALL_PHONE for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_SMS for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.USE_SIP for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CALL_LOG for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission com.android.voicemail.permission.ADD_VOICEMAIL for package com.android.phone
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.android.printspooler
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.android.printspooler
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CALENDAR for package com.android.providers.calendar
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CALENDAR for package com.android.providers.calendar
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS for package com.android.providers.contacts
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.android.providers.contacts
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.android.providers.contacts
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS for package com.android.providers.contacts
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.providers.downloads
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.providers.downloads
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.providers.media
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.android.providers.media
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.providers.media
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.providers.telephony
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS for package com.android.providers.telephony
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.providers.telephony
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG for package com.android.server.telecom
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.server.telecom
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CALL_LOG for package com.android.server.telecom
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CALL_PHONE for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_SMS for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.settings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.sharedstoragebackup
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.sharedstoragebackup
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CALL_PHONE for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CALENDAR for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CALENDAR for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.shell
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.android.systemui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CAMERA for package com.android.systemui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS for package com.android.systemui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.android.systemui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.systemui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.android.systemui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO for package com.android.systemui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.systemui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.vending
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.android.vending
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.google.android.gms
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.google.android.gms
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.google.android.packageinstaller
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.hmdglobal.app.activation
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.hmdglobal.app.activation
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.hmdglobal.app.activation
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.hmdglobal.app.fmradio
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.hmdglobal.app.fmradio
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO for package com.hmdglobal.app.fmradio
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.hmdglobal.app.fmradio
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.hmdglobal.app.omacp
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECEIVE_WAP_PUSH for package com.hmdglobal.app.omacp
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.hmdglobal.app.retaildemo
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.hmdglobal.app.retaildemo
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS for package com.hmdglobal.app.sarauth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.hmdglobal.app.sarauth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.hmdglobal.app.sarauth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.hmdglobal.app.sarauth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS for package com.hmdglobal.app.setupwizardext
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.hmdglobal.app.setupwizardext
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CALL_PHONE for package com.qti.confuridialer
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS for package com.qti.confuridialer
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG for package com.qti.confuridialer
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.qti.confuridialer
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qti.confuridialer
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qti.dpmserviceapp
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qti.qualcomm.datastatusnotification
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qti.xdivert
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.qualcomm.location
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.qualcomm.location
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS for package com.qualcomm.location
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qualcomm.location
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS for package com.qualcomm.location
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECEIVE_WAP_PUSH for package com.qualcomm.location
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.qualcomm.location.XT
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.qualcomm.qti.ims
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qualcomm.qti.ims
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.qualcomm.qti.qdma
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qualcomm.qti.qdma
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.qualcomm.qti.qmmi
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.qualcomm.qti.qmmi
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CAMERA for package com.qualcomm.qti.qmmi
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.qualcomm.qti.qmmi
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qualcomm.qti.qmmi
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO for package com.qualcomm.qti.qmmi
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.qualcomm.qti.qmmi
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CALL_PHONE for package com.qualcomm.qti.roamingsettings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qualcomm.qti.roamingsettings
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CAMERA for package com.qualcomm.qti.seccamservice
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.qualcomm.qti.seccamservice
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.qualcomm.qti.seccamservice
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qualcomm.qti.seemp.service
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qualcomm.qti.services.secureui
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS for package com.qualcomm.simcontacts
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_CONTACTS for package com.qualcomm.simcontacts
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.qualcomm.simcontacts
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS for package com.qualcomm.simcontacts
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION for package com.quicinc.cne.CNEService
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION for package com.quicinc.cne.CNEService
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package com.quicinc.cne.CNEService
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CAMERA for package com.wos.face.service
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.wos.face.service
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO for package com.wos.face.service
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package com.wos.face.service
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package org.codeaurora.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package org.codeaurora.bluetooth
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.CAMERA for package org.codeaurora.ims
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE for package org.codeaurora.ims
java.lang.SecurityException: Non-System UID cannot revoke system fixed permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE for package org.codeaurora.ims
