README.md, before:

# provisioning-android

Structure of the repository:
* `/Makefile.*`:
  Entry points for provisioning of Android devices.
  Details below.
* `/*.mk`:
  Internal files, meant to be included by `Makefile.*` files.
  Ignore these.
* `/Makefile.android-one.contacts`:
  Entry point for exporting raw contacts.
* `/lib/scrcpy/`:
  Utility for accessing GUI of Android device via USB.
  Wrapper of tool `scrcpy` in case unable to install deps natively.
* `/doc`:
  Notes.

## Provisioning of Android Devices

### alioth

Install [LineageOS for microG](https://lineage.microg.org),
that recommends following [the official LineageOS installation guide](https://wiki.lineageos.org/devices/alioth/install)
(see also [forum](https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/rom-official-alioth-aliothin-12-1-lineageos-19-1.4418635/)).

```
make -f Makefile.alioth provision-alioth
```

### sprout

```
make -f Makefile.sprout provision-sprout
```

For documentation of published security patches please see "Nokia 6.2" at https://www.nokia.com/phones/en_int/security-updates

### Troubleshooting

#### CA certificates

##### Symptom

```
curl: (60) SSL certificate problem: certificate has expired
```

#### Treatment

Set environment variable [`SSL_CERT_FILE`](https://manpages.debian.org/testing/openssl/openssl-env.7ssl.en.html).

E.g. if you use Homebrew you may use:
```
SSL_CERT_FILE="$(brew --prefix)/etc/ca-certificates/cert.pem" make ...
```

#### Apps not receiving push messages on LineageOS for microG

From [NanoDroid](https://gitlab.com/Nanolx/NanoDroid/-/blob/feb90370c130c6255d6e920e3facceb640ce8f20/doc/Issues.md#L136-142):
>   * go to microG Settings / Google Cloud Messaging and check if it is connected
>   * ensure you don't have an adblocker blocking the domain `mtalk.google.com` it is required for GCM to work
>   * when using Titanium Backup or OAndBackupX first install the app only (without data) and start it, this will register the app, afterwards restore it's data
>   * when restoring the ROM from a TWRP backup GCM registration for apps is sometimes broken. You may use the following command to reset GCM/FCM connection(s). App(s) will re-register when launched afterwards:
>      * `nutl -r APPID` (eg.: APPID = `com.nianticlabs.pokemongo`) or `nutl -r` (for all applications)

[i.e.](https://gitlab.com/Nanolx/NanoDroid/-/blob/feb90370c130c6255d6e920e3facceb640ce8f20/Full/system/bin/nanodroid-util#L55-57):
```
		find /data/data/${1}/shared_prefs -name com.google.android.gms.*.xml -delete
```
or:
```
		find /data/data/*/shared_prefs -name com.google.android.gms.*.xml -delete
```

>   * if you can't make any app registering for Google Cloud Messaging, try the following
>      * open the Phone app and dial the following: `*#*#2432546#*#*` (or ` *#*#CHECKIN#*#*`)

Secret code `2432546` seems confirmed running [app Secret Codes](https://f-droid.org/packages/fr.simon.marquis.secretcodes/).

Commit message:

Mention enabling cloud messaging before app installation

README.md, after:

# provisioning-android

Structure of the repository:
* `/Makefile.*`:
  Entry points for provisioning of Android devices.
  Details below.
* `/*.mk`:
  Internal files, meant to be included by `Makefile.*` files.
  Ignore these.
* `/Makefile.android-one.contacts`:
  Entry point for exporting raw contacts.
* `/lib/scrcpy/`:
  Utility for accessing GUI of Android device via USB.
  Wrapper of tool `scrcpy` in case unable to install deps natively.
* `/doc`:
  Notes.

## Provisioning of Android Devices

### alioth

Install [LineageOS for microG](https://lineage.microg.org):
* Follow the installation instructions.
  They recommend following [the official LineageOS installation guide](https://wiki.lineageos.org/devices/alioth/install)
  (see also [forum](https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/rom-official-alioth-aliothin-12-1-lineageos-19-1.4418635/)).
* Follow the post-install instructions.
  Also enable Google cloud messaging (before installing apps); this requires also registering the device to Google services.

```
make -f Makefile.alioth provision-alioth
```

### sprout

```
make -f Makefile.sprout provision-sprout
```

For documentation of published security patches please see "Nokia 6.2" at https://www.nokia.com/phones/en_int/security-updates

### Troubleshooting

#### CA certificates

##### Symptom

```
curl: (60) SSL certificate problem: certificate has expired
```

#### Treatment

Set environment variable [`SSL_CERT_FILE`](https://manpages.debian.org/testing/openssl/openssl-env.7ssl.en.html).

E.g. if you use Homebrew you may use:
```
SSL_CERT_FILE="$(brew --prefix)/etc/ca-certificates/cert.pem" make ...
```

#### Apps not receiving push messages on LineageOS for microG

From [NanoDroid](https://gitlab.com/Nanolx/NanoDroid/-/blob/feb90370c130c6255d6e920e3facceb640ce8f20/doc/Issues.md#L136-142):
>   * go to microG Settings / Google Cloud Messaging and check if it is connected
>   * ensure you don't have an adblocker blocking the domain `mtalk.google.com` it is required for GCM to work
>   * when using Titanium Backup or OAndBackupX first install the app only (without data) and start it, this will register the app, afterwards restore it's data
>   * when restoring the ROM from a TWRP backup GCM registration for apps is sometimes broken. You may use the following command to reset GCM/FCM connection(s). App(s) will re-register when launched afterwards:
>      * `nutl -r APPID` (eg.: APPID = `com.nianticlabs.pokemongo`) or `nutl -r` (for all applications)

[i.e.](https://gitlab.com/Nanolx/NanoDroid/-/blob/feb90370c130c6255d6e920e3facceb640ce8f20/Full/system/bin/nanodroid-util#L55-57):
```
		find /data/data/${1}/shared_prefs -name com.google.android.gms.*.xml -delete
```
or:
```
		find /data/data/*/shared_prefs -name com.google.android.gms.*.xml -delete
```

>   * if you can't make any app registering for Google Cloud Messaging, try the following
>      * open the Phone app and dial the following: `*#*#2432546#*#*` (or ` *#*#CHECKIN#*#*`)

Secret code `2432546` seems confirmed running [app Secret Codes](https://f-droid.org/packages/fr.simon.marquis.secretcodes/).
